Now talk about re-act Deb tools this is a really valuable Chrome extension that will install and then
see what it can do.
First of all in the Chrome Web store you can search for re-act developer tools and then add it to your
browser.
I've already got it installed so I'll go back to the app that we looked at before and do a little debugging
to get the to get to the re-act developer tools to get to the Riak developer tools.
You'll open up your chrome developer tools and it's not visible here but you'll have a extra tab for
reacts.
We make that slightly smaller so you can see we've got re-act here.
If you don't see re-act it's probably because it's in this overflow section.
And when you use the re-act developer tools you'll be able to see all the components that you have in
your component hierarchy by using this inspector when you click on a particular component.
You can see the props.
And if I go up here I can see the state that I've got as well.
So that's a pretty cool feature.
Another cool feature is that you can go over to the elements tab and inspect the normal Dom without
your component hierarchy being visible.
And then I can select something in the DOM must say this ally.
And then if I go over to the react have the component that render that I will already be selected and
expanded.
So that's pretty cool.
We can sort of get a view into what the Riak component is doing to that Dom element
and other cool features that we can see state updated in real time.
It's going to be a little tricky with this application because we have to restart our app in order to
see the change.
But the ability is still there.
If something is going on your application you can get to the component you want inspected state and
then when you're using application you could see the state changing.
So that's it for this video we'll use the re-act developer tools more throughout the course.
But next up let's work on an exercise.